Docs: Update ephemeral logger leak known issue (#24041)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/known-issues/ephemeral-loggers-memory-leak.mdx

### Vault is storing references to ephemeral sub-loggers leading to a memory leak

#### Affected versions

This memory leak affects Vault Community and Enterprise versions:

- 1.13.7 - 1.13.9
- 1.14.3 - 1.14.5
- 1.15.0 - 1.15.1

This change that introduced this leak will be reverted in the next release

#### Issue

> Vault is unexpectedly storing references to ephemeral sub-loggers which prevents them from being cleaned up, leading to

Reviewer: I remember a version of this update that had more information about what is a sublogger and what the impact of the subloggers issue revert was - was that update in this PR or a different PR? I don't think this description covers the expected behavior now that we've reverted the change and the memory leak is going away.

Author: We split that off into its own known issue. I'll update this to refer to that issue. There was concern over too much detail overwhelming the reader in the previous version since it was two issues in one.

### Vault is storing references to ephemeral sub-loggers leading to a memory leak

In Vault versions predating 1.13.7, 1.14.3, and 1.15.0 Vault does not honor a
modified `log_level` configuration for certain subsystem loggers on SIGHUP.

This is known to affect the `resolver.watcher` and `replication.index.*`
subloggers.

This can be seen after modifying the `log_level` and issuing a reload (SIGHUP),

> For example, after starting a server with `log_level: "debug"` and modifying it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, after starting a server with `log_level: "trace"` and modifying it
```

to `log_level: "info"` the following lines appear after reload:

```
[TRACE] resolver.watcher: dr mode doesn't have failover support, returning
...
[DEBUG] replication.index.perf: saved checkpoint: num_dirty=5
[DEBUG] replication.index.local: saved checkpoint: num_dirty=0
[DEBUG] replication.index.periodic: starting WAL GC: from=2531280 to=2531280 last=2531536
```

A change was introduced to resolve this issue:
`core: All sub-loggers now reflect configured log level on reload. [GH-22038]`

> As a result of this change Vault would unexpectedly store references to ephemeral sub-loggers which prevents them from

Reviewer 2: Might want to standardize on "subloggers" or "sub-loggers". I think I prefer the former, but either one works as long as we're consistent!

Author: Standardized on `sub-loggers` as that's what we had referenced in the changelog.

Reviewer 2: The original changelog uses "subloggers": https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/blob/e8e306112894b4cd4259ed0d1f3c5213d6e3b43e/CHANGELOG.md?plain=1#L234

being cleaned up, leading to a memory leak. This impacts many areas of Vault, but primarily logins in Enterprise.
There is no workaround.

The change that introduced this leak will be reverted in the next release, restoring the previously known behavior of
sub-loggers not updating log levels on SIGHUP.

#### Affected versions

> This issue affects Vault Community and Enterprise versions:

Reviewer 2: Since we mention multiple issues above, should we call out which specific issue we're referring to here?
```suggestion
The memory leak issue affects Vault Community and Enterprise versions:
```

- 1.13.7+
- 1.14.3+

> - 1.15.0+

Reviewer 2: This might end up being confusing to some readers, since the change will be reverted in 1.13.10, etc. Maybe we should use specific release versions instead?

```
>  for tags in 9a9f21ff67c3082c9eccccd3eb444ed92c26d9df 4c8cc87794ed2d989f515cd30c1c1b953d092ef3 4c0edc73b2f9e6e0e2e8b8def39187fb5740cabe; git tag --contains $tags | grep "^v" | grep -v "ent"; end
v1.13.7
v1.13.8
v1.13.9
v1.15.0
v1.15.0-rc1
v1.15.1
v1.14.3
v1.14.4
v1.14.5
```

Reviewer: You can say something like 1.13.7-1.13.9, 1.14...,1.15... and give ranges.

Author: This has been split into its own known issue so not relevant to this PR anymore.
